# Architecture | ü¶úÔ∏èüîó LangChain

LangChain is a framework that consists of a number of packages. This package
contains base abstractions for different components and ways to compose them
together. The interfaces for core components like chat models, vector stores,
tools and more are defined here. No third-party integrations are defined here.
The dependencies are kept purposefully very lightweight. The main package
contains chains and retrieval strategies that make up an application's
cognitive architecture. These are NOT third-party integrations. All chains,
agents, and retrieval strategies here are NOT specific to any one integration,
but rather generic across all integrations. Popular integrations have their
own packages (e.g. , , etc) so that they can be properly versioned and
appropriately lightweight. For more information see: ‚Ä¢ The API Reference where
you can find detailed information about each of the integration package. This
package contains third-party integrations that are maintained by the LangChain
community. Key integration packages are separated out (see above). This
contains integrations for various components (chat models, vector stores,
tools, etc). All dependencies in this package are optional to keep the package
as lightweight as possible. is an extension of aimed at building robust and
stateful multi-actor applications with LLMs by modeling steps as edges and
nodes in a graph. LangGraph exposes high level interfaces for creating common
types of agents, as well as a low-level API for composing custom flows. A
package to deploy LangChain chains as REST APIs. Makes it easy to get a
production ready API up and running. For more information, see the LangServe
documentation. A developer platform that lets you debug, test, evaluate, and
monitor LLM applications. For more information, see the LangSmith
documentation

